this morning I want to find out if
Justin's learned anything from last
night's flops titty bar why was inviting
you thought about this one before I can
improve on what I've done is I've dug
out 3040 comments cards and just taking
them off the top of the pile and there's
all the saying is great food great
atmosphere great food go out so what
would you change nothing what would you
change nothing I can't believe you you
know that your business is fucked and
you revert to stupid pretentious comment
cards to pump smoke back up your ass
first thing this morning to say Foods
good atmospheres good musics good when
are you gonna stop massaging yourself
and fucking get real okay there's
clearly a bigger picture which is fun
yeah but they're just yours
this is what I'm talking about our kid
you got to cut the fucking bullshit why
the fuck are you still trying to make
out your fucking got summer gee we're
going to play motherfucking when the
damage is being done we already look
like a couple of fucking tits yeah
you're already looking like a twat yeah
this guy's too fucking clever for you so
shut your fucking mouth and fucking
listen if you do not turn it around
today 2 o'clock
me and him are fucking off yeah to try
and fucking stay near just waits to say
cut the fucking crap to turn things
around easier to fucking turn around you
can do it without me
or fucking with me god I've had enough
of this fucking sherrard cuz I don't
need this fucking shit and I've got to
stand next to him and show me fucking
tops of fucking shit that's our fucking
cooking your fucking don't so nothing
I'm saying to tell me where to go from
here eh cuz we're not fucking listening
to him he's trying to fucking tell you I
tried to tell you for two years
about every fucking thing food bans and
I told you that you don't fucking
understand so sorry some fucking respect
or sound fucking going into a talk and
that's fucking it
that is it no fucking bullshit okay
fucking dangle me like a fucking puppet
sorry take them for sure so don't say
the fucking piss out of me anymore
fuck this shit rule this has been
festering away before I got here the
relationship is broken down that's
pretty obvious and so what I'm trying to
say the dynamics of the top tier in your
business is fucked